---
draft:
---
[250804] 🦭💭 07:54 PM KST

Excerpts from Kotone's Q&A yesterday

#Kotone #코토네 #fromm
___
🤎 What's Tone's recommended summer song?

I really like Hola Hola by KARD sunbaenim…
🤎 Tone-ya, I heard you ate 800,000 won worth of dim sum with the members in Macau… That’s impressive, I’m jealous

We have a lot of members and our manager was with us too…ㅎㅎ
Still, it did end up costing quite a bit…
🤎 What’s your favorite movie of all time, Tone-chan??

Hmm… for movies, maybe Paprika...? <sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[t/n: Anime movie]</font></sup>
🤎 Which concert stage was your favorite?

JiYeon’s ballet and Midnight Flower!!
🤎 What's your biggest interest these days?

These days…? A Japanese game called Ao Oni (青鬼) <sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[t/n: Survival game]</font></sup>
🤎 What's your all-time favorite anime?

Hmm… I’m still looking for it…?
🤎 Did you film any TikToks in Macau?

I didㅎㅎ  <sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[t/n: She filmed with SeoAh, she's her roommate in Macau]</font></sup>
🤎 Favorite tripleS B-side track!!!

Cry Baby!!
🤎 What are you looking forward to in the US?

I’m curious how US WAVs will react
And if we get a day off/have a free time, I wanna go to an amusement park or somethingㅎㅎ
🤎 What's your aesthetic goals? Are you aiming for cuteness or coolness?

Bothㅎㅎ
🤎 Who’s your current favorite member?

Umm… Binnie…
🤎 What do you usually do when you have free time?

Umm… I watch YouTube, Netflix or go for skincare treatmentsㅎㅎ
🤎 Is it true that you and ChaeWon were copying JiYeon backstage? I'm curious about Ballet Tone 😘😘

Yeahㅋㅎㅋㅎㅋㅎ  
Right before our entrance, ChaeWon, Binnie and I were standing nearby and we kept copying JiYeon during the VCR part
🤎 What's your favorite nickname?

Ko-chan, Koja-nim<sup><font color="#c3f4a5">(Prince Kotone)</font></sup>, Toneㅎㅎ 
<font color="#c3f4a5">[t/n: **코** (**코**토네 **Ko**tone) + **자** (왕**자** Wang**ja** <sup>EN: Prince</sup>) =  코자님 Koja-nim]</font>