---
draft:
---
[250809/12] ☀️💭 

The reason why SeoAh said sorry out of the blue

#SeoAh #서아 #fromm
___
<font color="#c3f4a5"><font color="#c3f4a5">[250809]</font> 09:29 PM KST</font>

Heok, touch  
1 minute ago  
Wow  
How was it???  
Haha  
That’s a relief  
Glad you liked it  
Touch touch  
I’m glad it came out well  
I’ll be going now 🥺🥺
Good night and you worked hard today too  
I'm sorry and thank you
___
<font color="#c3f4a5"><font color="#c3f4a5"><font color="#c3f4a5">[250812</font>]</font>  02:47 AM KST</font>

I couldn’t sleep so I came here
I wonder if you’re asleep??  
I’m just lying down  
Haha 
What, why aren’t you sleeping  
-.-  
-3-  
I miss you too  
Tomorrow’s schedule  
Other than lessons, nothing else  
It’s fine  
☀️ I just ordered food  

Heol late-night snack  
Daebak  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
Food recommendation?  
Supreme yangnyeom chicken 
It’s good, try it later  
👍👍  
Eat lots of delicious foods
☀️ I’m not saying this just because it’s late at night but I seriously miss Jeong HaeRin 🧐🧐🧐  

ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I miss you too  
Be careful eating spicy chicken at night. Watch your stomach
Anyway, I miss you  
This is F SeoAh now, different from earlier  
ㅋㅋㅋ  
I cried a bit earlier  
Because I was happy  
Remember when I said sorry last time?
That time, I couldn’t sleep either and I just felt...
Like I wasn’t showing enough sincerity, even though I really meant it
And you know how, in life, even when people express themselves to me, I don’t really express myself much back
That’s always made me feel a little off... you know?
Even when I want to say something nice, I have so many thoughts running through my head that I end up not saying them at all
Besides that… I just feel thankful because I know it’s not a given for you to immediately check, reply and spend time with me whenever I come (on fromm) it’s not something I should take for granted
I just... 
I just wanted to say thank you  
Haha

___
##### My two cents

I don’t usually speak my mind here. I try to avoid drama and all that, but I just wanted to share my thoughts as someone who’s been in SeoAh’s fromm since Day 1. She doesn’t chat very often, but she’s been trying more these days. I remember her mentioning once that she feels guilty for not coming on fromm more often, the longest gap I can remember was about two weeks or maybe even longer.

She’s a very emotional kid (plus the whole puberty thing ^~^). She often talks about wanting to meet WAVs and things like that. Maybe that’s why she worries her words might come across as “typical idol replies” but in reality, she’s sincere. Expressing your feelings isn’t easy. I just hope she knows it’s okay to take her time and that she can learn to open up more.