---
draft:
---
[250912] 🐣💭 12:59 AM KST

Binnie's video call fansign with her unnies

#JooBin #주빈 #fromm
___
🫧 I heard ShiOn unnie is doing well on tour?

Yup, we video called today  
I said hi to Lynn unnie, ShiOn unnie and JiYeon unnie 
🫧 Was it like a video call fansign?

Something like that  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
JiYeon unnie was like  
<font color="#feab61">“Bin-ahhhhhㅜㅜㅜ I miss youㅠㅜㅠㅠ How have you beenㅜㅜㅜㅜㅜ”  </font>
So I said <font color="#b7f54c">“Unnie, I miss you too 🥺🥺🥺🥺”</font>
ShiOn unnie said she’d show me the scenery  
so she switched the camera to show me outside  
With Lynn unnie, we just chatted about random stuff
The tour’s already halfway done  
They’ll be back in less than 2 weeks  
We talked about that and about the stages too  
ㅎ헤헤
Halfway done… halfway done...  
They’ll be back soon
Let’s wait for them together
🫧 Speaking of JiYeon, she came on fromm

Woahhh  
Please tell her this for me
<font color="#b7f54c">“Unnie, I’m doing well. It’s a night where I miss you. It’s night in Korea but it must be daytime there, right? I hope you have a great day. </font>
<font color="#b7f54c">– From the girl who misses you ♡"</font>
Please deliver this to her safely
I’m counting on you
🫧 Why does this feel like a spam text ㅋㅋㅋㄱㅋㅋㅋ…

?;;;;;;;;;;;  
So mean
You turned my sincerity into spam…
Hmph 
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㄱㅋㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㅋㅌㅋ
🫧 JiYeon’s fromm will probably get flooded with the exact same messages ㅋㅋ

That would really look like spam then
ㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷ  
Like one day WAVs sent out spam messages all at once
Something like that
Let me know if unnie replies
🫧 Binnie, she left before I could deliver your letter…

Oh no
🫧 Binnie, can’t you just message her directly…?

..I guess I should do that
ㅋㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
🫧 Just say the same thing you told us to pass along earlier

Yup, I sent her a screenshot
Told her about it
that I asked WAVs to pass it on 
But the moment she came on fromm, she left right after
So WAVs told me to just contact her directly ♡  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
___
Hence the title! 10 months ago.. Time really flies...  


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-theme="dark">
  <p lang="en" dir="ltr">
    [241027] 🐣💭 12:18 AM KST<br><br>
    JooBin's video call with her VV unnies
    <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/JooBin?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#JooBin</a> 
    <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/%EC%A3%BC%EB%B9%88?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#주빈</a> 
    <a href="https://t.co/Z6iQc15hND">pic.twitter.com/Z6iQc15hND</a>
  </p>
  &mdash; 😎 (@bossbabyjoobin) 
  <a href="https://twitter.com/bossbabyjoobin/status/1850507741879730303?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 27, 2024</a>
</blockquote> 
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
