---
draft:
---
[250823] ☀️💭 11:45 PM KST

SeoAh talks about her future plans, what she wants to pursue and shares a backstory about how her parents reacted when she decided to become an idol

#SeoAh #서아 #fromm
___
☀️ I’ve been wondering for a while, SeoAh. Do you want to go to Hanlim?

Hmm…  
I’ve been thinking about it a lot too 
but I don’t really know yet..  
For now, I just want to go somewhere I can really grow
I really don’t know..  
I still don't know yet
But I do kinda have one place in mind
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
It’s a secret
☀️ Do you want to go to college?

I’m not really sure yet 
But if I do, I’d probably major in practical music
☀️ Oh, so you’d want to go all-in on music

Yup…  
Up until last year, I wanted to try a bit of everything  
But lately, when I think about why I came here and why I chose this career 
I feel like I should focus more on this path
That’s why I’m thinking of going into practical music
☀️ Any departments you’d like to try besides arts or music?

Before, I wanted to study law  
or psychology
ㅎㅎ  
You know how career tests show jobs that match your personality?
Mine always had lawyer and CEO on there ㅋㅋㅋ  
Haha
Someday, when I have time 
I want to go watch a bunch of artists’ concerts
☀️ Which artists do you want to see the most?

Hoppipolla-nim <sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[t/n: Superband winner]</font></sup>
Silica Gel-nim
Radwimps-nim
Jaurim-nim
GIFT-nim 
Wave to Earth-nim  
Lauv-nim
Coldplay-nim 
Taylor Swift-nim and so on…  
I want to learn from them  
I saw some of them when I was little
but honestly, back then  
I didn’t really get it
Now I really want to see their performances again
☀️ Oh, how did you see them?

I think I saw them at a festival
☀️ If it was outdoors, that must’ve been nice

ㅋㅋㅋㅋ Yeah, it was
I went with my friends and my mom  
but it was standing-only, so it was exhausting…  
I passed out after it ended…  
I couldn’t do that now  
Haha  
My very first concert was the Superband national tour… ㅋㅋㅋ  
I was like, 9?
☀️ Wow, so you really loved that show 
<font color="#c3f4a5"><sup>[t/n: JTBC program (2019), indie musicians participated in this show]</sup></font>

To be exact, my dad was a huge fan
so I ended up watching it too
☀️ Ah, so it was because of your dad

Right…  
If it weren’t for him  
I wouldn’t be who I am today…  
In my family, my dad’s the only one who’s super serious about music
When I went to my very first audition, he handled everything  
He even quickly booked me vocal and dance lessons
That’s what happened…
☀️ Does your mom not like music?  

She does, but she’s more of a listener type 
and totally into academics  
When I first said I wanted to do this 
She opposed it  
But I managed to win her over 😏💕
☀️ I bet both of them love it now 
 
I think they love it more than I do..  
Haha