---
draft:
---
[251002] 🐣💭 11:06 PM KST

The story of when Binnie wrote an essay about dragons when she was in 2nd grade

#JooBin #주빈
___
🫧 Binnie, someone who went to the same elementary school as you posted on Twitter the story you wrote in English about the dragon under your bed

Nani <sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[What in JP]</font></sup>
My writing skills…  
I was such an imaginative kid…
2nd Grade, Class 3 Joo Been……  
Ha…….
WAVs who don’t know
Don’t look it up……  
Actually, I still remember what it was about  
🫧 To that schoolmate, I'd like to say thank you

……I’m curious who they are   
ㅋㅋㄱㅋㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
It’s amazing that they know me!  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ키
No but really  
I showed off my writing skills back then  
I used to show off my writing when I was little
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㄱㅋㄱㄱㅋㄱㅋㅋㅋ  
Regardless of the language
I was pretty good at it
When I was young
We had things like diaries…? or book reports…?  
This one was after a school trip
I think we went to Jeju-do
I wrote about it and since I was so tired
I wrote “I fell asleep as if the moon sprinkled sleep powder over me”
My homeroom teacher took a picture it
and posted it on our class board with a comment 
saying it was such an interesting metaphor and praised me  
Thank you teacher  
And now…  
I’ve become the MC of JooManSa..  
ㅋㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅅㅋㄱㅋㅅㄱㅋㄱㅋㅋㄱㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
🫧 But why did you write about eating dragon meat

I dont know either ㅠㅜㅜㅠㅠㅜㅜㅜㅜ  
Haㅠㅠㅜㅜㅠㅠㅜ  
It was one of those First, Second, Last type 
Write an essay based on the timeline <sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[EN]</font></sup>
kinda prompts  
And that’s just what came to my mind then  
Why, I have no idea  
Anyway, that’s what it was  
As far as I remember 
the premise was that there was a dragon under my bed  
So then I thought, “Okay, I’ll call my little brother to slay it"  
"I’ll just watch from afar"
"Then I’ll take a picture and send it to Mom and Dad, then cook it and eat it”  
Like, what was I even thinking ;;  
That’s how my cooking journey began
🫧 But actually, the story’s pretty fun ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ

I should’ve been a storyteller  
🫧 If there was a dragon under my bed, I would wake up my brother and tell him. Then I would ask my brother to sit on the dragon and hit it so it fell asleep. Second, I would sew the dragon’s mouth shut so it couldn’t breathe fire or bite me. Next, I would cut the dragon’s eyes, neck, and body. I would take pictures of the dragon so I could show my parents the next morning. They would not believe there was a dragon under my bed, so I would need the pictures. Last, I would roast and cook the dragon to share with my family and classmates. <sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[KR]</font></sup>
That’s what you wrote back then

Ah,  thank you so much for even translating this haha  
2nd grade, class 3 JooBin… could you even sew back then..?  
That’s what I wanna ask  
🫧 I bet even the teachers thought “This kid is kinda bold…”

My English teacher praised me… ;;  
Bold JooBin  
ㅋㅋㅋㄱㄱㅌㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㄱㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
Ah please  
Let’s stop talking about this now  
Let’s move on  
Let’s run away