---
draft:
---
[250727] 🐣💭 11:56 PM KST

Kotone made JooBin watch KPop Demon Hunters 

#JooBin #주빈 #fromm
___
🫧 Binnie unnie, I love you  

Are you really an unnie?  
^~^  
🫧 Binnie noona  

Are you sure I'm older than you?  
🫧 Grandma Binnie  

?  
This is getting weirder and weirder  
🫧 Then what should we call you? I really don’t know anymore  

My love Binnie 🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍  
🫧 How would it feel if I just called you “JooBin.”

“What.” Feels like I’d answer you like that
🫧 My love Soominie ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️  

?  
I’ll tell her  
She’s right next to me  
🫧 If you pass that along, the concert will start 

Ah  
I should stay quiet then  
(*Sigh*)
I had a dream  
I was chatting on fromm in it
and then I fell asleep 
Haha
🫧 You’re going live on Cosmo too? <sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[t/n: in her dream]</font>
</sup>

Probably? ㅎㅎ  
🫧 Are you even thinking about us in your dream? 🥺  

Of course, either way 
ㅋ  
❤️  
🫧 You’re seriously addicted to fromm  

ㅜ.ㅜ  
🫧 My love Binnie 🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍 It’s been a while, how about some song recommendations? We need to fill up the summer playlist  

Got it  
I’ll check my playlist and share it
My current playlist
♡ Style – H2H  
♡ FAMOUS – ADP  
♡ Golden – HUNTRIX  
♡ Love2Love – tripleS  
ㅎㅎ  
I think these songs are good
🫧 Did you watch K-POP DEMON HUNTERS??  

Yupp
Tone unnie begged me to watch it  
I don’t usually watch animations  
So I was like <font color="#b7f54c">“Is it a movie? Maybe I’ll give it a shot”</font>  
And it turned out to be really fun
I downloaded it  
Watched it in the sky 
<sup><sub><font color="#c3f4a5">[t/n: probably during their flight to Japan or back to Korea]</font></sub></sup>
YeonJi unnie was sitting behind me  
and right when I was still feeling the emotions after it ended  
YeonJi unnie suddenly said
<font color="#5874ff">“Hey, Bin-ah" </font>
<font color="#5874ff">"Was it fun? ㅋ"</font>
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
So I was like, <font color="#b7f54c">“Wait, how’d you know??”  </font>
And she said <font color="#5874ff">“I could see everything from behind ㅋ” </font> 
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
ㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷ  
🫧 YeonJi’s “Hey, Bin-ah.” always rings in my ears  

ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Right
That exact same tone too
____
The Bin-ah thing that was mentioned above
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-theme="dark">
  <p lang="en" dir="ltr">[240827] 🐣💭 11:06 PM KST<br><br>
    Binnie being the biggest baby of JiWoo 
    <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/JooBin?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#JooBin</a> 
    <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/%EC%A3%BC%EB%B9%88?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#주빈</a> 
    <a href="https://t.co/xRdpRpsuhc">pic.twitter.com/xRdpRpsuhc</a>
  </p>&mdash; 😎 (@bossbabyjoobin) 
  <a href="https://twitter.com/bossbabyjoobin/status/1828768409095713160?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">August 28, 2024</a>
</blockquote> 
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
