---
draft: true
---
[251009] 🐣💭 12:58 AM KST

Binnie talks about her date with YeonJi yesterday and running into WAVs that day

#JooBin #주빈 #fromm
___
🫧 What did you do today?

Today I went on a date with YeonJi unnie  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
A date between Yellow and Green 💛💚  
That’s the title of our date  
^~^
🫧 Huh? What did you do?

It’s a secretㅋ  
ㅋㅋㄱㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㄱㅋㅋ
🫧 Please share some pictures, you're my favorite duo

We filmed something
Not exactly a chaotic vlog but kind of like that
Once I get it organized, I’ll share it…
ㅋㅋㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㄱㅋㄱㅋㅋ
🫧 You two must’ve been easy to spot

ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
🫧 You went on a date with YeonJi? Didn’t she drain all your energy?

Hoho
Nope  
You could call it my “Zenith adjustment period”?  
Something like that  
🫧 You two kind of feel like a banana mint choco pairing

?What?  
BananaMintChocoz
💛💚

<sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[13 minutes later...]</font></sup>

🫧 Binnie, who planned the date first? Did you ask or did YeonJi?

Unnie asked me first  
I said okay and accepted  
ㅋㅋㄱㄱㅋㅋㄱㅋㄱㄱㅋㅋ
🫧 Did you go out of the dorm?

...It definitely wasn’t a date at the dorm…  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ키ㅣ
🫧 Who asked for "after"?

After what?  
Date?
🫧 After school

;;;
🫧 Like asking to go on another date next time

Ah, another date promise
We didn’t make one  
^~^  
But if we get some time off, we might do it again
🫧 Yellow💔Green

Noo!!!  
💛💕💚  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
🫧 Binnie, have you ever run into a WAV on the street?

Yup, I met a WAV today..  
💛💚🫢👀🌊  
Yellow and Green’s date was witnessed!!!
🫧 When you see a WAV on the street, do you run away?

We can’t run away  
Because we're Yellow and Green  
Even if we do, it’ll still stand out
🫧 How do you feel when you meet a WAV on the street?

I think I’d be happy  
"Waaah!!!!"  
Wait, that sounds more like I’m surprised  
"Wuaang!!!!!"  
That’s the one
🫧 But seriously, what’s with Yellow and Green? Why do you keep saying that?

💛💛💛  
💛😃💛  
💛     💛  
💚💚💚  
💚😃💚  
Yellow and Green!!