---
draft:
---
[250902] 🐣💭 11:22 PM KST

Binnie went over to MOD Forest HAUS before Alphie members left for their North America tour

#JooBin #주빈 #fromm
___
🫧 Bin-ah, the unnies left the country today. Are you okay?  

No? I’m not okay. I’m having a hard time right now 
What do I do…  
For three whole weeks…  
What do I do…  
!!!!!!!!  
Haa….ㅠ 
Before Tone unnie left  
I recorded a video  
No, not a Shorts  
It's just for me
I’ll watch it whenever I miss her
Only I can see it
<font color="#b7f54c">"Tone-saaaaan"</font>
<font color="ffde02">"Bin-chaaaaan"</font>
"Aaaaaaaaah ❤️" 
That’s how the video ends 
And then while Lynn unnie was packing her stuff  
she said <font color="#ab62b4">“Ah, I want to take<sup>[가져]</sup> Binnie with me” </font>
<font color="#b7f54c">“Take<sup>[데려]</sup> me with you?” </font> 
<font color="#ab62b4">“No, I mean take<sup>[가져]</sup> you”  </font>
<font color="#b7f54c">“Huh?”  </font>
<font color="#ab62b4">“Yup.”  </font>
<font color="#b7f54c">“…?” </font> 
<font color="#ab62b4">“I’m going to put you in my suitcase”  </font>
<font color="#b7f54c">“Unnie, I’ll probably end up in heaven before we even get there if you do that”</font> 
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
And then ShiOn unnie was like
<font color="#ff418a">“Bin-ah, listen to this”  </font>
and read out her packing list
<font color="#ff418a">“So? What do you think? Is there anything else I should bring?”  </font>
And I said <font color="#b7f54c">“Nope, it’s perfect”  </font>
<font color="#ff418a">“Good.”  </font>
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
I thought I’d miss them so much  
so I went over to their HAUS one last time to hang out
but they were all packing…  
I miss them already  

____
Note:
For better understanding, Lynn used **가져가다** which is normally only used for "things"
That’s why Binnie was confused and reacted that way

가져 | 가져오다 = To take (something) → Used for things (objects & items)
데려 | 데려오다 = To take (someone) → Used for living things (people pets & animals)
