---
draft:
---
[250803] 🐣💭 08:13 PM KST

JooBin's message after wrapping up the Macau concert, talks about her styling that day and getting to try egg tarts 

#JooBin #주빈 #fromm
___
WAV, our very first Macau concert has come to an end 🥹🥹  
It was so nice meeting WAVs from Korea, Japan and Macau and making so many happy memories together!!  Thanks to you, even though the concert is over, I’m left with more happiness than regret..♡
When we were running around the stage with just the final encore song left, I was overwhelmed with emotions I couldn't even put them into words. But the moment the encore started, all of that melted away and I was able to just enjoy the moment with WAVs. That made me really happy. Watching all the heartS lightsticks swaying back and forth was so beautiful and touching. I even teared up a little without realizing it ㅎㅎ 
As much as WAV supports and believes in me, I’ll keep working hard to grow even more. Let’s keep being together from here on out. I love you 🤍 It must’ve been tiring to come and cheer at the concert. You did great, WAV 🤍🤍

I’ve arrived back in Korea 
I had egg tarts in Macau
They were so good 😭😭  
I regret not eating two or three more  
I didn’t get to try mochi… 
They didn’t have any
I almost missed out on the egg tarts too  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㄱㅋㄱㄱㅋㄱㅋㄱㅋㅋ  
I heard Macau has a ton of famous desserts
so next time, I want to try them all
ㅠㅜㅜㅠㅠㅠ
🫧 Binnie, didn’t you go swimming?  

Yeah, I didn’t…  
I recharged my energy instead  
ㅎㅎ
🫧 Is there any food or item you’d recommend from Macau?  

Eat freshly baked egg tarts!!  
The cold ones just don’t hit the same
🫧 Was the pink ribbon on your cheek your idea??  
It was sooo cute  

ㅎㅎ Yup
Well, it actually wasn’t my idea
Our makeup artist suggested it
She said the ribbon would look good on me  
So she matched the hairpin color too  
Went full-on pink pink 
💕💕  
Also, it’s been a while since I did the perilla leaf hairstyle
😚😚