---
draft:
---
[251016] 🐣💭 08:31 PM EDT (251017 AM KST)

Binnie talks about her flight to new york, dinner with the members and adjusting to the time difference

#JooBin #주빈 #fromm
___
Good morning, afternoon, night  
I’m in New York 💛  
It’s 8:32 PM here  
and since it’s morning in Korea
I thought about it for a bit and just sent everything
🫧 How does it feel to be back after so long?

I’m happy  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
I was seated next to SeoAh on the plane  
so we were together for 14 hours  
She said <font color="#cff3ff">“This reminds me of our Come True tour”</font>  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
🫧 Is SeoAh your roommate?

Nope nope. My roommate is  
my roommate for life <sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[t/n: they’ve always been roommates whenever they go overseas, and of course, in Korea too] </font></sup>
my fixed roommate  
Sullin unnie ㅋ  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
As soon as we got into the hotel room
I said <font color="#b7f54c">“It’s exactly like during our tour”  </font>
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
🫧 When’s your schedule?

We’re leaving tomorrow morning 
so I’ll wash up soon and go to sleep in a bit
🫧 Binnie, did you eat steak too?

Yup 
I ate steak pasta salad 
I’m so full...  
🫧 Did you send a picture? I can’t see anything

Huh?  
I turned off the AC for Sullin unnie  
I’m such a cool dongsaeng who turns off the AC  
^~^  
🫧 AC? It’s October. Is it hot in the US?

Nope, it's super cold here
but there was a vent blowing air, so I turned it off
It was cold air
🫧 Is the temperature there in single digits?

Not yet, still double digits  
just barely before single digits though
🫧 It just stopped raining in new york after 2 days <font color="#c3f4a5"><sup>[EN]</sup></font>

Ohhh<font color="#c3f4a5"><sup>[EN]</sup></font>  
That’s why<font color="#c3f4a5"><sup>[EN]</sup></font>
While having dinner earlier, I ordered in English
and ShiOn unnie fell for me  
💕💕💕  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㄱㄱㅋㄱㄱㅋㄱㄱ  
Since I ordered in English
Unnie said <font color="#ff418a">“Oooh our JooBinnie~~~ "</font>
<font color="#ff418a">"Our maknae~~~ so cool ~~~ ”  </font>
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
😚😚  
🫧 I heard the members finished the tiramisu in 3 minutes ㅋㅋ

Nope, more like 2 minutes  
When we ordered, only three people said they wanted some
so we just ordered a small one
But as soon as it came out, everyone started eating it
so we were like “We knew this would happen”
and ordered another one  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
🫧 That always happens, you suddenly want some when the food arrives

😅  
Right??  
🫧 Are you okay with the time difference?

Actually, I couldn’t even adjust to the time difference in Korea
(?)  
Since our schedule’s random,  
I kept sleeping past 5 AM  
So last night, I just stayed up  
and after finishing the live, I didn’t sleep before the flight  
Now the time difference matches perfectly  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
🫧 But why’d you stay up all night?

There was nothing I could do about it
After the live, I showered, packed and headed out right away  
So I just slept on the plane  