---
draft:
---
[260112] 🐣💭 01:29 AM KST

Binnie talks about how the first JooManSa episode came about and binge-watching past episodes 

#JooBin #주빈
___
🫧 Bin, I heard you bought DaHyun strawberries for her birthday 

ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ  
Yup, that’s right  
DaHyun unnie really loves strawberries and tangerines  
But she just ate tangerines the other day
so I gave her strawberries as a gift instead🍓❤️
🫧 Bin, which one do you like more? Strawberries or tangerines?

I like both but strawberries are my favorite
🫧 Your observation skills are seriously amazing. There’s a reason you’re the MC for JooManSa…

Thank you 
Every time I film JooManSa
I binge-watch all the previous episodes
I wonder if I'm doing it right
I watch them at 2x speed to review what I’ve talked about before...
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
🫧 Huh? Why do you binge-watch?

That way, even when I film with a new guest
I can host it more naturally
ㅎㅎ
🫧 It feels like it’s been way too long since the last episode

I know right
I’ve been so busy
🫧 Aren’t your MC skills getting a bit rusty...? ㅋㅋ 

I’ll oil them up
🫧 Bin, how did the very first episode of JooManSa come about? Was it your idea? or a suggestion from the contents team?

Both…?!!  
I wanted to start with SeoYeon unnie
and they happened to suggest her too! 
So I said "That’s exactly what I was thinking!" and we filmed it
🫧 Then is JiYeon the last one?

Eyyyy
If we go in order  
we might not even be able to finish! ㅎㅎ  
Because of schedule issues  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
🫧 Let’s not talk about the last one. I hope it just keeps going

It’s okay
It’s still far away…  
There's a long way to go
Fighting!
I've done 9 members?
Is that right?
It will be 11 soon
Assa
That’s half……  
Phew……  
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ