---
draft:
---
[250818] ☀️💭 08:51 PM KST

SeoAh talks about becoming friends with KiiiKiii’s maknae Kya

#SeoAh #서아
___

Right
I made a new friend  
I got close with Kya from KiiiKiii
No but…ㅋㅋㅋ this is kind of funny
We had overlapping schedules at Boryeong M Countdown
So the day before I was like
<font color="#cff3ff">“Tomorrow… I have to become friends with her!!!!!”  </font>
But when I got to Boryeong, our waiting rooms were super far apart
So I was like 😞😞 while heading off for the not-for-broadcast stage
<font color="#c3f4a5"><sup>[t/n: Probably the GND stage that night, where they also greeted the audience]</sup></font>
KiiKii performed right before us, so we ended up running into each other
I was like !!! but when we actually met, my shyness kicked in so bad that I couldn’t say anything and just looked at her like this 🥺
Then Kya winked at meㅋㅋㅋㅋ so I finally got the courage to talk
☀️ Bravely. “Hi! I’m Jeong HaeRin from tripleS, born in 2010. Do you want to be friends?”  

ㅋㅋㅋ ㅜㅜㅜ
…Except it wasn’t even like thatㅋㅋㅋ
 Really… carefully… I said
<font color="#cff3ff">“Um… by any chance… would you maybe… want to be friends…?”  </font>
ㅠㅠㅋㅋㅋㅋ
I really think I’m such an I … <sup><font color="#c3f4a5">[t/n: introvert]</font></sup>
But!!  
We ended up becoming super close friends 
Not even two days after exchanging numbers
We already went to Haidilao together  
It’s been a while since I had fun like the old pre-debut days
So strange
🫧 Did you eat a lot? 

We... barely ate
We just talked for like 6–7 hours 
😂😅
